Notes for Week9

We have been doing the majority of our discussion over iMessage chat and email,
though we did meet after class on Monday and Wednesday.

Over the weekend I built up the display features, including a new graphic panel
which displays information about the current space the player is on. I would find
errors in the GameClass and sometimes Property and Player classes as well, and
would usually be able to debug quickly, though because I only wrote the header
files for these class, leaving the implementation to Mason, I figured that some
debugging would be more effective if done by him, and I wanted him to understand
the changes I was making.


I found over the weekend that some of the functions Mason had written in the Game
class did not do what they were supposed to. I showed Mason a bit about how to
use the Qt debugger which I found very useful in my debugging over the weekend.
I also explained that he could / should be writing test scripts for any new functions.
It was better to put in the time to have functions tested for most cases before
they were committed, I was not enjoying the pattern of implementing a function
was pursued would work only to have it crash. I showed mason that Qt has a built
in testing suite as well where we could run unit tests.

Later in the week, I clarified a request I gave to mason to code up the actual
objects for the PropertyList, a list of our PropertyType objects containing all
of the spaces on the board. Mason wrote these up and I would handle non-standard
properties (taxes/free parking/ etc) on the frontend mainwindow class, since I
wanted to present the player with a short informational blurb when a action was
taken. I also finalized the logic to buy property and pay rent on property
owned by other players. I also made some changes to some game class functions
such as adding a tranferMoney() method that would be used for both tax and player
payouts from the bank. This was more versatile than the PayTax() method which
was previously implemented.

So far this weekend, I’ve added a game info section to the display which shows 
each players money, and a button which will eventually open to list their owned
property. (currently, the button just reads the total property each player owns)
I have told Mason that it would be a big help if he could write up that widget,
though I’m not sure how proficient he is with the Qt graphics framework yet, as
he’s been sticking to working on the backend class functions so far. I just want
to be able to prioritize the core features of the game and have those working
well. I hope to meet with Mason again early next week. So far, things have come
together fairly well, though a lack of proper testing early on definitely slowed
down development. We’ve worked out the kinks and we are making solid progress
towards having a functional and impressive project by the presentation.

 - Q
